This is the github repo for the TuneGether app. This app is aimed to help musicians connect with other musicians through a matching system, 
allowing them to chat, create bands and facilitate practices and performances. 


INSTRUCTIONS FOR TESTING

REQUIRED: 
Expo Go installed on your phone or Working emulator on your computer
Computer with a command line access

The following instructions work for both iOS and Android.
  1. Clone and pull git repository. 
  2. Navigate to the root directory of your app with ‘cd {name of folder}’
  3. Install any missing npm dependencies using ‘npm install’ in terminal
  4. Download any expo dependencies by running ‘npx expo install’ in the terminal window from the root directory.
  5. Once prebuild has finished, run ‘npx expo start’ in the terminal window from teh root directory to run the app through Expo
  6. If using ExpoGo on your phone,
      a. Switch from development build to Expo Go and scan QR code generated by your computer.
     If using an emulator,
      b. Press the corresponding key to launch the app on your emulator. 

Troubleshooting
- If you encounter any errors with corrupted modules, try any of the following: 
    1. Check your path is correct and you are running the commands from the root directory
    2. Clear your cache by running ‘npx cache verify’ or ‘npx cache clean --force’
    3. Run ‘rm -rf node_modules package-lock.json’ and try step 3 again
    4. Reinstall the specific node module with ‘npm install {module name}’

Please do give feedback if you have any issues with the app or its user interface! Thank you and have fun testing!
